{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red21\green20\blue74;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c10980\c12157\c36471;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15380\viewh13380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \
<p>We\'92re a web3 creative studio combining decades of award winning agency experience on some of the world\'92s best known brands, with deep crypto knowledge and web3 insider status.</p>\
\
<p>Or, in other words, we\'92re a crypto native creative node floating in cyberspace waiting to plug into whatever you\'92re building. </p>\
\
<h2>Why we started roots</h2>\
\
<p>\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 We met working for one of DeFi\'92s biggest protocols; overseeing brand, creative, marketing, product innovation, and more. While working with external partners we quickly realized that web3 builders cannot rely on web2 agencies. There\'92s a language barrier, a cultural clash, things get lost in translation.</p>\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 <p>So we started roots, to be crypto native creative partners to those building the future of web3.</p>\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 <h2>Fluent in dev, fluent in normie</h2>\
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 <p>We enjoy working across the bell curve. Helping the gigabrains building the future communicate with audiences at various stages on their crypto onboarding journey. We believe the next million people to join web3 will not look or sound like the first wave. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 <h2>Built to be flexible</h2>\
\
<p>Roots is designed to scale up and down depending on project needs. Our core team is nimble enough to dive into small and medium sized projects, with a deep network of creatives, devs and builders that can be harnessed to tackle even the biggest project demands.</p>\
\
<h2>The Skills that pay our bills</h2>\
\
<h3>Brand strategy</h3>\
<p>We can build brands from scratch, help you refine what you already have, define purpose and brand strategy, or simply give you a visual refresh.</p>\
\
<h3>Visual design, copywriting and creative direction</h3>\
<p>From razor sharp copy to museum grade visuals - we\'92re a team of creative green berets ready to be dropped in behind enemy lines.</p.>\
\
<h3>Marketing</h3>\
<p>Never boring, always performing. We\'92ve done everything from $5million global campaigns to zero budget tactical social campaigns. We can help you define a marketing strategy, and then produce campaigns that cut through straight to the audiences they\'92re designed to reach.</p>\
\
<h3>Product</h3>\
<p>We can help you build products that people want to use. We can start from a blank sheet of paper, help design products in development or refine live builds.</p>\
\
<h3>UX consulting</h3>\
<p>Whether you need UX research or help with UX design, we\'92ve got you covered.</p>}